Hi. My name is Da'Queshia.
I'm a security engineer.
That basically means
I work securing
Google's products so users
like you aren't vulnerable.
Before I entered cybersecurity,
I worked installing Internet.
I also worked at a chip factory.
I worked in fast food.
I sold shoes at the mall.
I did a lot of things
before I made it here.
A lot of what I learned
in my past jobs
I actually use every day.
Some of it is my soft skills
like time management,
people skills, and
communication.
As a new cybersecurity analyst,
it's important to be able to
communicate, take feedback,
and feel uncomfortable, not
with the people around you,
but with the problems
you're trying to
solve because sometimes it
requires you to think outside of
the box and be challenged.
I would describe my job as a
Google security guard because
I work on the Gmail
security team,
it's my job to protect Gmail.
Some of those threats are
people who are sending
you bad emails,
who are trying to get
your user credentials
or get you to click
on a phishing link.
When it comes to
vulnerabilities,
some of those could be something
like unsanitized input,
which can lead to trouble.
My typical work day starts
like everyone else.
I check my emails and
then from there I go
into my bug queue;
it's essentially when
people tell me
there's a problem with
one of our products.
I start doing a little
bit of research and then
I like to explore the
bug a little bit more.
I like to figure out if
this can break this,
can it also break this,
and if it can, what
else can I do with it?
Then from there, I look for
a solution to make
sure that I fix
that hole and then any other
holes that we might
have in our security.
Some of the things
you learned about in
this course is threat modeling,
and that's something
I use every day.
Whenever I get a
bug, it's part of
my job to figure
out the attack tree
and what type of vectors we use
to take advantage
of vulnerabilities.
No one is born
knowing everything.
I know that sounds really
cliche or like super obvious,
but it helps me
because it helps
put some perspective the time
and effort that everyone has to
put in in order to
learn something new.
So be patient with yourself.
Don't let anyone discourage
you from cybersecurity.
Taking this course is one step
closer to getting
into your goal.
Don't get discouraged
now. Keep going.